document EXPO_WEB_DEV_HYDRATE env var (#35142)
expo/expo: docs/pages/more/expo-cli.mdx

| `EXPO_NO_REACT_NATIVE_WEB`           | **boolean** | <div className="flex items-center pb-1.5"><StatusTag status="experimental" /><StatusTag status="SDK 52+" /></div>Enable experimental mode where React Native Web isn't required to run Expo apps on web.                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| `EXPO_NO_DEPENDENCY_VALIDATION`      | **boolean** | <div className="flex items-center pb-1.5"><StatusTag status="SDK 52+" /></div>Disable built-in dependency validation when installing packages through `npx expo install` and `npx expo start`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

> | `EXPO_WEB_DEV_HYDRATE`               | **boolean** | Enable React hydration in development for web projects this can help you identify hydration issues early.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `EXPO_WEB_DEV_HYDRATE`               | **boolean** | Enable React hydration in development for a web project. This can help you identify hydration issues early.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
```

Let's break this into two separate sentences to improve readability.
